ee_autocomplete.sh: Bash autocompletion file for the ee utility
Copyright 2010 Victor Chudnovsky
Author: victor.chudnovsky+ee@gmail.com

Description:

This shell script can be used to start a new named emacs server
process, or to connect to an already running emacs server process
with the given name. You can also connect to a singleton unnamed
emacs server, which is useful if you set the EDITOR shell variable
to be this script. If the desktop-autosave.el package is installed,
this script will also start autosaving the desktop, so that you can
quickly recover context should your session ever die or hang.

Usage: Run this script with the --help flag to see a summary of the
usage.

   ee -c SERVER FILE.... 
     connects to SERVER (creating it if necessary) and opens
     FILE... in a new frame (X or text). The buffer persists even when
     the frame is closed
   ee FILE...
     connects to an unnamed emacs daemon (creating it if necessary)
     and opens FILE... in a new frame (X or text). The buffer is
     removed from the server when the frame is closed. This is ideal
     for using as the value of \$EDITOR
   ee -l
     lists all the desktop sessions that have been saved.
   ee -k SERVER
     kills the specified running emacs server
   ee --killall
     kills all the running emacs servers
   ee -d SERVER
     deletes from disk the specified emacs server's desktop file
   ee --deleteall
     deletes from disk all the emacs servers' desktop files
   ee --debug ...
     displays additional trace information while executing this script
   ee  --help
     displays this message

  Advanced  flags (used for bash autocompletion, typically in ee_autocomplete.sh):
    --user_flags
      list of flags users would typically use to invoke ee on the
      command line.
    --flags_taking_sessions
      list of flags whose values could be an existing emacs server or
      desktop name. This list is formatted for use in a bash case
      statement.

Installation:
1. Put the ee script somewhere on your path
2. If desired, install the desktop-autosave.el package so that it gets
   loaded when emacs starts
3. Put the ee_autcomplete.sh script somewhere (either at the system
   level in /etc/bash_completion.d or under your home directory)
4. Add the following to your .bashrc so that the ee_autocomplete.sh script gets
   sourced:
     . <PATH_TO_EE_AUTOCOMPLETE>/ee_autocomplete.sh
5. Add the following to your .bashrc in order to have your deault
   system editor come up quickly (since this will be a persitent emacs
   server only instantiated once):
     export EDITOR=ee
